c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.dll
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.pdb
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.xap
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafikTestPage.html
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.g.resources
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.dll
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.pdb
c:\users\deborah.haist\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EtwasGrafik\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.dll
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.pdb
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafik.xap
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\Bin\Debug\EtwasGrafikTestPage.html
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.g.resources
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.dll
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\EtwasGrafik.pdb
C:\Users\deborah.haist\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RotatingEllipse\EtwasGrafik\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
